#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile dev-requirements.in
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via testrail-migrator
aiohttp==3.8.3
    # via testrail-migrator
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
allure-pytest==2.13.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
allure-python-commons==2.13.2
    # via allure-pytest
allure-uploader-v2 @ git+https://gitlab-pub.yadro.com/testy/allure-uploader-v2.git@release/2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
ansi2html==1.8.0
    # via -r ci-requirements.in
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
astor==0.8.1
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   automat
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   flake8-eradicate
    #   pytest
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
    #   wemake-python-styleguide
autobahn==24.4.2
    # via daphne
automat==22.10.0
    # via twisted
bandit==1.7.6
    # via flake8-bandit
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
build==1.2.1
    # via pip-tools
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
celery-progress==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.0
    # via cryptography
channels==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
constantly==23.10.4
    # via twisted
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==7.2.3
    # via pytest-cov
cron-descriptor==1.2.35
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
daphne==4.1.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
darglint==1.8.1
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-notifications-hq
    #   django-redis
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   jsonfield
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via django-mptt
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via django-notifications-hq
django-mptt==0.13.4
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.in
django-notifications-hq==1.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-history==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.in
django-test-migrations==1.2.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.in
docutils==0.20.1
    # via restructuredtext-lint
drf-yasg==1.21.4
    # via -r requirements.in
eradicate==2.3.0
    # via flake8-eradicate
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   testrail-migrator
faker==15.1.1
    # via factory-boy
flake8==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   flake8-bandit
    #   flake8-broken-line
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   flake8-commas
    #   flake8-comprehensions
    #   flake8-copyright-validator
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-docstrings
    #   flake8-eradicate
    #   flake8-isort
    #   flake8-quotes
    #   flake8-rst-docstrings
    #   flake8-string-format
    #   pep8-naming
    #   wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-bandit==4.1.1
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-broken-line==1.0.0
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-bugbear==23.12.2
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-commas==2.1.0
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-comprehensions==3.14.0
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-copyright-validator==0.0.1
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.in
flake8-debugger==4.1.2
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-docstrings==1.7.0
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-eradicate==1.5.0
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-isort==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-quotes==3.3.2
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-rst-docstrings==0.3.0
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
flake8-string-format==0.3.0
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via pytest-freezegun
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gevent==24.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via bandit
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gevent
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn-worker
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
humanize==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   flake8-copyright-validator
incremental==24.7.2
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.10.1
    # via flake8-isort
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via django-notifications-hq
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via channels-redis
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
openpyxl==3.1.1
    # via plugin-example
orjson==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
pep8-naming==0.13.3
    # via wemake-python-styleguide
pillow==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
plugin-example @ git+https://gitlab-pub.yadro.com/testy/plugin-example.git@release/0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via click-repl
psycopg==3.1.19
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via service-identity
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-debugger
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via flake8-docstrings
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   flake8-rst-docstrings
    #   rich
    #   wemake-python-styleguide
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via djangorestframework-simplejwt
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via twisted
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==7.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
    #   allure-pytest
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   pytest-freezegun
pytest-asyncio==0.23.7
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.5.0
    # via -r ci-requirements.in
pytest-freezegun==0.4.2
    # via -r dev-requirements.in
python-crontab==2.7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   python-crontab
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r requirements.in
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-notifications-hq
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via bandit
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
    #   django-redis
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   allure-uploader-v2
    #   coreapi
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via flake8-rst-docstrings
rich==13.7.0
    # via bandit
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
sentry-sdk==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
service-identity==24.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   click-repl
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via bandit
swapper==1.3.0
    # via django-notifications-hq
testrail-migrator @ git+https://gitlab-pub.yadro.com/testy/testrail_migrator.git@release/0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
testy-rust==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
timeago==1.0.16
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   incremental
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via testrail-migrator
twisted[tls]==24.3.0
    # via daphne
txaio==23.1.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   django-test-migrations
    #   psycopg
    #   pytest-factoryboy
    #   twisted
    #   uvicorn
    #   wemake-python-styleguide
tzdata==2022.7
    # via django-celery-beat
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.30.1
    # via uvicorn-worker
uvicorn-worker==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wemake-python-styleguide==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r ci-requirements.in
    #   -r dev-requirements.in
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.10.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.0
    # via
    #   gevent
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
